Hadlar [thought]:
How am I still alive?
I remember...
Hyunckel pierced both of
my hearts, killing me.
And this mark...
Mystvearn: That
is due to Dark Aura.
I see. You used
your Dark Aura power
to resurrect me so I
could complete my duties.
Then, is my body even more
powerful than it was before?
Mystvearn: That is
the secret of the body
King Vearn has
bestowed you with.
So long as the Dark Aura of
His Majesty or myself remains,
should you perish,
you will be revived.
And with far greater
power than before.
Is that the reason why
you were placed beside me?
Mystvearn: Hadlar,
your body belongs to
the almighty King Vearn.
You can no longer
choose your own fate.
No matter how many
times you fall,
you'll only return to fight on
for the will of your master.
Yes. Gladly.
Where are you going?
Mystvearn: Back to
the battlefield.
Hadlar [thought]: For a man who
waits silently in the shadows,
he's become quite talkative.
Now, it's done.
I have hit... my target.
Flazzard: [frustrated cries]
Hyunckel [thought]:
The power of that core kept
the two sides of Flazzard's
body fused together.
Now, with it gone...
Flazzard: My... My body
is falling apart!
If I remain together,
I'll vaporize myself!
Popp, now!
Popp: Right!
Sizzle!
[screeching]
Ha! Take that.
Very well done, Dai!
[weakened groan]
So, what do we do about him?
I'm going to make it so that he
can never rebuild himself again.
Wait! Please don't!
[roaring]
Crocodine: The
Shadow Vizier...
Mystvearn!
Mystvearn, you've
gotta help me.
Please! I can't
just die like this.
Do something!
What is... What is that?
Mystvearn: The ultimate
armor of my Shadow Legion.
If you choose to be
one with my Dark Aura,
to become a force of Dark Fire
Energy, it will be yours.
W-what?
But that would mean
becoming your servant.
There's no way I'm doing that!
So, If I...
If I merge with your energy,
can I really beat them?
Mystvearn: You will
be unrivaled.
Fine, then. Do it!
Flazzard: The power!
The power is overwhelming...
Such unbelievable,
extraordinary power!
This is amazing!
Stand back!
I am the greatest swordsman
in all of Papnica...
What's that?!
No, Gomechan! Baduck!
Oh, that's just great...
They chose the worst
time to show up!
[struggling grunts]
W...What?!
[falling yell]
[victorious cackle]
Crocodine!
Crackle!
My spell's not working!
Flazzard: This armor is amazing!
It's stronger and faster
than I used to be...
And it's immune to spells!
Flazzard [thought]:
I'll be taking you out later.
But first... I need to crush
this annoying little brat.
Dai: He's coming.
I'm the one he's after.
Get back, Maam.
But, you can't!
You just don't
have the strength!
Flazzard: You've
got some guts, kid!
Let's see if I can send you to
the afterlife with one punch!
No, Dai!
Flazzard: What?!
He's okay!
It's okay, Maam,
I'm fine. I can win this.
Dai: I don't know why,
but I don't feel like
I can lose to him.
Flazzard: You
can't lose to me?
Your annoying words
are all you have left.
But they won't
last much longer.
Let's end this!
Why, you...
He's reading the movements of
all those powerful attacks!
And with his eyes closed, too!
Hyunckel: It's complete.
By obtaining Air Slash,
Dai's completed his
Avan Style Sword Technique.
That means his super attack
will also be complete.
By super attack, you mean?
I mean,
he subconsciously understands
its destructive power.
That's why he
knows he can win.
Flazzard: You're kidding.
This is impossible.
I'm supposed
to be invincible.
I've got the ultimate armor!
I can't lose to this rat!
With this power
and this durability...
If I lose now...
I'll look like a fool!
Dai [thought]:
Slice the earth...
Slice the sea...
Slice the air...
And then everything at once.
I was able to do
the Air Slash...
So, I know...
I know I have
the power to do it!
Here it comes!
Watch me, Master Avan!
Now... This is...
This is a true...
Avan Strash!
Aw, yeah!
Mystvearn: Magnificent.
Popp: Wow!
So that's the power of the
complete Avan Strash ability?
Hyunckel: It rivals Avan's,
no, it might be even stronger.
Well done.
Dai!
Flazzard: [whimpering]
Flazzard: You... You
lied to me, you bastard!
How was that
the ultimate armor?
Mystvearn: No lies.
That was indeed the
ultimate armor of my legion.
If it was destroyed,
it merely means your foe's
attack was that much stronger.
Flazzard: Please!
Give me another chance!
Mystvear-
Who would do such a thing...
To their own ally?
Hyunckel [thought]:
Did Mystvearn use Flazzard
just to test Dai's strength?
Even within the Dark Army...
that's a level of cruelty
I have not seen before.
Let's hurry.
The Princess is in the tower!
Baduck: Oh, that's right!
Now that the
menace is no more,
the ice of his forbidden
magic should be gone, as well!
Popp: He was a real villain,
but that was a
pretty nasty way to go.
Should we gather up the
fragments and make a grave?
Hyunckel: No need. That's
his gravestone right there.
But - how?!
Baduck: What's
the meaning of this?
It hasn't melted at all!
No, it is melting.
Maam: What is it, then?
It seems like we're...
Just too late.
T-Too late?
Hyunckel: Flazzard is gone and
his Forbidden Magic has lifted.
But it would appear
the Princess doesn't
have the strength left...
to break herself
free of its power.
What? No...
Princess! Princess!
Flazzard: Your Princess's
life ends tomorrow at sundown!
Popp: Sizz!
Crocodine: It's not
doing anything.
In that case... Sizzle!
Baduck: Popp, hang
in there. You can do it!
Popp: It's no good.
None of the spells
I know will melt it.
Crocodine: Then
I'll have to risk it
and shatter it with this.
Baduck: A-And what if you
shatter the Princess, as well?
Well, do we have
any other options?
Maam: I know!
This round contains
a Sizz spell.
If we charge it
with a Sizzle too,
maybe it can fire
an even greater flame.
But, I've never charged a
round with more than one spell.
But if you do that,
it might break your
Magic Bullet Gun, right?
And if we don't...
This is the
Princess's life here!
Popp: The Magic Bullet Gun
isn't just some item.
Master Avan made it.
It's all that's left of him.
I say we try it.
Maam: Master said
this weapon was
specially made for
helping people.
We can't hold back.
I'm sure he made it for
times just like this.
Okay. Fine.
Give it here.
Popp: Huh?
What is it, Popp?
What's wrong?
Popp: [whimpering]
Maam: He's out of Magic Power!
Hey, Popp! You can't give up.
You're the only one
who can cast Sizzle!
Dai [thought]: If I really
do have a mysterious power
like everyone says...
Then let me use that power,
not to fight someone,
but to save someone's life.
To save Leona's life!
Look there. What's that mark?
Crocodine: That is the mystic
power that dwells within Dai.
But... it's not coming
from any anger...
It's responding to something
other than combat!
Sizzle!
It's charged!
Maam!
Yeah!
Maam: Please...
Leona!
Leona... She's alive.
She's alive!
[relieved cry]
Thank goodness!
[happy chirping]
You did it!
Maam [thought]:
I'm sorry to see you go...
But it's okay, right?
Thanks to you,
a person's life was saved.
So, thank you...
for everything.
Matoriv: Hey, kid!
Are you alive?
That voice...
Mentor!
Man: Okay. The food's ready.
Man: Where does this go?
Baduck: A feast!
A victory feast!
Food goes there.
Drinks over here.
The Papnica soldiers
who were scattered
have begun to return home.
They heard you rescued the
Princess. Word travels fast.
Well, you really saved us
by fixing the Balloon Ship
and coming to get us.
Leona!
I'm so glad that
you're all better.
Your face was as
pale as a King Squid-
I was so worried about you!
W-What is it, Leona?
Have you... forgotten me?
Honestly! Give me
a break, Dai.
It's supposed to be
the emotional reunion
between the Princess
and her rescuer.
A "King Squid"?!
Huh?!
[delighted laughter]
Cheers!
Leona: You have all
fought bravely.
Especially Dai and the
other Disciples of Avan.
No words can express
our gratitude.
My father was right
to send Master Avan
as the Hero's Tutor, wasn't he?
He really taught you well.
I'm afraid we lost
the King of Papnica...
During the
Dark Army's attack.
Since then, the Princess
has united the people,
and carries on his legacy
by continuing the fight.
Tell me, Dai, is that swordsman
also a Disciple of Avan?
Both: Huh?!
Yikes...
Dai: Uh, well,
of course he is!
Then I should thank him, too.
Your Highness,
there's something that you
need to understand about me.
Uh, well, Leona? He's-
Hyunckel: I am Commander of
the Dark Army's Undead Legion,
Hyunckel.
Man: The Dark Army?
Man: Undead Legion
Commander?!
Popp: That idiot!
Leona: Is that true?
Wait a minute.
He's not with the
Dark Army, anymore!
Maam: That's right. He really
is a Disciple of Avan's.
And he's really
trying to help us!
No matter how I may have
atoned, the fact remains:
as the Undead
Legion Commander,
I am responsible
for this destruction.
For that, I must be punished.
Princess, I...
request that you pass
judgement upon me.
Strike me down now
if it be your will.
Dai: Hyunckel...
I consider it a blessing
to have been saved,
and to lend my
strength to you, Dai.
I can rest fulfilled.
Leona: Hyunckel...
As you wish.
I, Leona, the
Princess of Papnica,
shall pass judgement upon you.
From this day on,
you will spend all of
your remaining days...
serving as one of
the Disciples of Avan.
Leona: You will risk your life
fighting for friendship,
justice, and love.
And you must never
disparage yourself
or ever allow...
the past to keep you
from moving forward.
Leona...
That's all. Do I
make myself clear?
I shall accept this.
Well, then that settles it.
We shall all move
forward together!
[applause]
Matoriv [thought]: She's more
capable than she looks.
Papnica just might
rise from the ashes.
Ah, so there you are.
You again.
We've been looking for you.
What are you doing
drinking alone out here?
It doesn't seem right to have
a monster like me
drinking among the humans.
Don't be ridiculous.
A hero is a hero,
no matter what their kind.
Drink up, now! Big fella.
To the Princess's savior!
[amazed gasps]
Delicious.
This is the most delicious
drink I've ever had!
Mentor, I can't breath here!
I'm sorry, Princess.
I didn't know that...
Uncle Matoriv would
cut loose like this.
You don't have
to be so formal.
You can just call me Leona,
not "Princess."
Otherwise, I'll have
to start calling you
something like "Miss Maam."
Oh, please don't do that!
Maam: Hyunckel!
Where are you going?
What's wrong?
Hyunckel: We didn't
want to interrupt.
We're heading to
Sovereign Rock Castle.
Sovereign Rock?
The Dark Army's fortress.
It lies north of Papnica,
and deep within the
mountain range of Guildmain.
Crocodine and I are going to
check on their movements.
Then why don't we all go?
It'll be easier
with just the two of us.
So please, trust me.
I had a wonderful
time this evening.
Give my regards to Dai
and the people of Papnica.
Hyunckel: We'll
meet again, Maam.
Take care.
Zaboera: This man
is a monster!
Even Carl Kingdom, with its
dozens of powerful knights,
is on the brink of ruin
after only five days!
Baran: I see.
That boy Dai seems
quite impressive.
He and his allies managed to
fight off the entire Dark Army.
He's an incredibly strange child
with mysterious abilities.
Whenever this mark
shines on his forehead,
he exhibits the
most amazing power...
Baran: A mark?!
Zaboera; this shining
mark doesn't happen to
resemble the face of
a dragon, does it?
A dragon?
Now that you mention it,
it does seem similar.
Baran: Curse you, Hadlar.
I know what you're up to.
Narrator: With Flazzard defeated
and Princess Leona rescued,
Dai and his friends prepare
for their next battle.
But Maam's broken
Magic Bullet Gun
leads her to
a difficult choice.
Meanwhile,
Killvearn the Reaper
appears before Hadlar and
his remaining Commanders...
And the fortress of
the Dark Army,
Sovereign Rock Castle,
reveals its true form.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Maam's Decision".